Point UE4 users to the forum (#2758)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/native/guides/ue4/index.mdx

- _20MB_ for a compressed request
- _100MB_ for the full crash report after decompression

## Issues With The Crash Reporter

> For tips in trobleshooting the UE4 Crash Reporter, [check out this thread in Sentry's forum](https://forum.sentry.io/t/unreal-engine-crash-reporter-cant-get-it-to-work/7643) where community members have delve in the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For tips on troubleshooting the UE4 Crash Reporter, [check out this thread in Sentry's forum](https://forum.sentry.io/t/unreal-engine-crash-reporter-cant-get-it-to-work/7643) where community members have delved into potential solutions.
```
